Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines, 
as opposed to the natural intelligence displayed by animals including humans. 
AI research has been defined as the field of study of intelligent agents, which refers to any 
system that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of achieving 
its goals.

Machine learning is a subset of AI that gives computers the ability to learn without being 
explicitly programmed. It focuses on developing computer programs that can access data and 
use it to learn for themselves. The process begins with observations or data, such as examples, 
direct experience, or instruction, so that computers can look for patterns in data and make 
better decisions in the future.

Deep learning is a subset of machine learning that uses neural networks with many layers. 
These deep neural networks have led to dramatic advances in computer vision, natural language 
processing, and speech recognition. Deep learning models learn representations of data with 
multiple levels of abstraction.

Natural language processing (NLP) is a subfield of linguistics, computer science, and 
artificial intelligence concerned with the interactions between computers and human language, 
in particular how to program computers to process and analyze large amounts of natural 
language data. The goal is a computer capable of understanding the contents of documents, 
including the contextual nuances of the language within them.

"""
    Machine learning is a branch of artificial intelligence.
    It allows computers to learn patterns from data and make
    predictions without being explicitly programmed.
    """,

    """
    Deep learning is a subset of machine learning that uses
    artificial neural networks with multiple layers. Deep learning
    is widely used for image recognition, speech recognition,
    and natural language processing.
    """,

    """
    Natural language processing is a field of artificial intelligence
    that focuses on enabling computers to understand and process
    human language. NLP is used in chatbots, sentiment analysis,
    machine translation, and text classification.
    """,

    """
    Computer vision enables computers to understand and analyze
    images and videos. It is commonly used for object detection,
    facial recognition, medical image analysis, and autonomous vehicles.
    """,

    """
    Reinforcement learning is a machine learning technique in which
    an agent learns by interacting with an environment. The agent
    receives rewards for good actions and penalties for bad actions.
    """
]

Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) is a technique that combines retrieval systems with 
generative models. Instead of relying solely on the parametric knowledge stored in model 
weights, RAG systems retrieve relevant documents from an external knowledge base and use 
them as context when generating responses. This allows models to access up-to-date information 
and reduces hallucination.
